# Outreatchy_NsisongMboho_2022
Hi I am Nsisong Mboho, an Outreachy 2022 prospective Intern on the Topic: Research Data Sources for Carbon Sequestration in Forest.
Climate affects nearly every aspect of our lives, from our food sources to our transport infrastructure, from what clothes we wear, to where we go on holiday. It has a huge effect on our livelihoods, our health, and our future. Climate is the long-term pattern of weather conditions in any particular place and this is why I am interested in this project.Studying climate change will help me understand why global temperatures continue to rise, how the climate affects us, and how we can tackle the problems of climate change in our environment.
Climate change have alot of impact globally as our planet continues to warm, billions of people around the world will experience worsening physical and mental health impacts ranging from disease spread to air pollution, poor nutrition, and mental health consequences, as climate change increases the frequency and ferocity of extreme weather events like drought, it will have a heavy impact on global agriculture and food production resulting in rising rates of food insecurity and malnutrition.
Climate change is compromising access to safe, clean drinking water, whether from drought-induced scarcity, contamination caused by severe storms and floods, or from rising seas making freshwater salty.
In Nigeria we are currently facing effects of climate change such as rising sea levels, weather-related natural disasters, increased drought and overflooding in the South - South region which dispose people of their residents threrby rendering them victims of flood disaster as most of them are occupants of relief camps.
Climate change can be control by conserving and restoring forests, Limiting deforestation and reducing Green House Gas (GHG) emissions associated with forestry operations are two ways to decrease forests, Creating more forests through afforestation and enhancing growth in existing forests are better ways to increase forests as carbon sinks.
